10x data federation stage 4: resources.data.gov redesign (#148)
GSA/resources.data.gov: pages/PoD/IDC.md

---
published: true
layout: page
title: Office of Management and Budget Integrated Data Collection (IDC) Requirements
permalink: PoD/IDC/
filename: IDC.md
id: IDC
---

Office of Management and Budget Integrated Data Collection (IDC) Requirements 
---------------------------

### May 2016 IDC Requirements for Open Data Progress, Use, and Impact

**Status: Updated**

> * Agencies will continue to be assessed on their Open Data Policy progress through the Project Open Data Dashboard available at: [http://labs.data.gov/dashboard/offices](http://labs.data.gov/dashboard/offices).
* Agencies will continue to provide a public version of their Enterprise Data Inventory at
[agency].gov/data.json and include their data.json dataset with the title “Enterprise Data
Inventory.” If necessary, agencies will coordinate with their Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
offices to redact specific metadata text for “non-public” datasets only if the text is subject to a

> FOIA exemption. Agencies shall use the instructions provided by OMB at [https://project-opendata.cio.gov/redactions/](https://project-opendata.cio.gov/redactions/)

Reviewer: Should these URLs be updated to resources.data.gov?
```suggestion
FOIA exemption. Agencies shall use the instructions provided by OMB at [https://project-open-data.cio.gov/redactions/](https://project-open-data.cio.gov/redactions/)
```

to conduct these redactions. If redactions are present, Agencies must
submit a non-redacted Enterprise Data Inventory JSON file to OMB in the appropriate agency
folder here: [https://community.max.gov/x/8YamK](https://community.max.gov/x/8YamK).
* Agencies will ensure that their customer engagement process includes a transparent two-way
feedback mechanism. A link to an e-mail address or form by itself is not sufficient. For examples of

> sufficient tools, please see [https://project-open-data.cio.gov/engagement](https://project-open-data.cio.gov/engagement).

Reviewer: Should these project-open-data links be updated to resources.data.gov? project-open-data.cio.gov is in sunset mode and will be gone at the end of the year.

Author: I think this should be safe to do so, but I'm not certain we've transitioned all relevant links over. @juliaklindpaintner what do you think?
